content/_index.md, before:

---
title: 🪴 Quartz 3.3
enableToc: false
---

Host your second brain and [digital garden](https://jzhao.xyz/posts/networked-thought) for free. Quartz features

1. Extremely fast natural-language [[notes/search]]
2. Customizable and hackable design based on [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/)
3. Automatically generated backlinks, link previews, and local graph
4. Built-in [[notes/CJK + Latex Support (测试) | CJK + Latex Support]] and [[notes/callouts | Admonition-style callouts]]
5. Support for both Markdown Links and Wikilinks

Check out some of the [amazing gardens that community members](notes/showcase.md) have published with Quartz or read about [why I made Quartz](notes/philosophy.md) to begin with.

## Get Started
> 📚 Step 1: [Setup your own digital garden using Quartz](notes/setup.md)

Returning user? Figure out how to [[notes/updating|update]] your existing Quartz garden.

If you prefer browsing the contents of this site through a list instead of a graph, you see a list of all [setup-related notes](/tags/setup).

### Troubleshooting
- 🚧 [Troubleshooting and FAQ](notes/troubleshooting.md)
- 🐛 [Submit an Issue](https://github.com/jackyzha0/quartz/issues)
- 👀 [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/cRFFHYye7t)

Commit message:

initial content added to quartz

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: 1Hive.org
enableToc: false
---

This website intends to share a vision for [[1Hive]]. It is maintained by [[1Hive LLC]]. The [[views expressed are ours alone]] and may not always reflect the views of other [[Members of the 1Hive community|members of the 1Hive community]]. 

We envision 1Hive becoming an impactful global community working together in accordance with the [[1Hive community covenant|community covenant]] to help humanity successfully navigate the [[A brief primer on the technological singularity|technological singularity]]. 

A future where [[honey is money]], [[we are all 1Hive]], and [[together we thrive]]. 

If you're new to 1Hive and curious to learn more:
* [[Why you shouldn't take 1Hive too seriously]]
* [[How you can contribute to 1Hive regardless of skill or talent]]
* [[The cult of 1Hive discord server|Joining the 1Hive community on discord]]
* [[An overview of the 1Hive DAO protocol]]
* [[Exploring cause-based currencies]]
* [[A brief primer on the technological singularity]]
* How to support our work using Honey
* [[Understanding the implications of sufficient decentralization]]
